The main force of this ship, the battleship,
is not only the Japanese people but the whole world wants to know about it.
It is active in various ways.
However, the main ship is the foundation of all the Navy activities.
No matter how the aircraft is flying,
the Navy is the first to think about the escort of the aircraft carrier.
This main ship is the strongest force of the shadow that does not appear in the surface.
It is the foundation of the ship's self-sufficiency.
I do not know what it means in the United States,
but it is said that 24 ships were destroyed by the battleship called Hiranuma.
If there were 24 ships, it would be a great disaster.
They destroyed the battleship 24 ships of the Hiranuma.
It is said that the damage to the Japanese navy is 2 ships.
In conclusion, the American Pacific fleet is several times stronger than the Japanese fleet.
In fact, the Japanese fleet, which was hit so hard that it did not have anything,
is operating as planned,
setting up a single unit at any time and place as it should be,
and carrying out all kinds of operations.
The main ship is not facing the enemy yet.
Therefore, it has not suffered any damage or damage.
The whole ship is now in the form of the Pacific, the Indian and the Pacific.
It is the foundation of the ship.
The main feature of this ship is that the ship's ship is wide.
However, the number of ships is gradually decreasing.
The construction of the ship continues right behind it.
The construction of the ship is gradually increasing and becoming stronger.
Such a war is still a war that is almost unprecedented in the world.
I think that the attention of the 1 billion people on the construction of this ship is absolutely important.